WIP: Output caching documentation (#27398)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/performance/caching/overview.md

## Response caching

[!INCLUDE[](~/includes/response-caching-mid.md)]

## Output caching

The output caching middleware enables caching of HTTP responses. Output caching differs from [response caching](#response-caching) in the following ways:

> * You configure the caching behavior on the server.

Author: ```suggestion
* The caching behavior is configurable on the server.
```

  Response caching behavior is defined by HTTP headers. For example, when you visit a website with Chrome or Edge, the browser automatically sends a `Cache-control: max-age=0` header. This header effectively disables response caching, since the server follows the directions provided by the client. A new response is returned for every request, even if the server has a fresh cached response. With output caching the client doesn't override the caching behavior that you configure on the server.

* The cache storage medium is extensible.

>   Memory is used by default. Disk, Redis, blob storage, and others are available. Response caching is limited to memory.

Reviewer: > Disk, Redis, blob storage, and others are available.

They are not. But this is possible, users can implement it or maybe find it on nuget.

>   Memory is used by default. Disk, Redis, blob storage, and others are available. Response caching is limited to memory.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
